If you had it to do over again what would you study in school?
What would you like to add to your life?
What motivates you to exercise?
What is your idea of heaven?
If you were a criminal master mind, what would be your criminal racket?
What musical interments do you wish you could play?
Who is someone from your past that you are sorry you lost track of?
What is your favorite thing about fall?
What is the best food on a hot summer day?
What subject do you wish you had paid more attention to in school?
If you life had a sound track what song would you pick for it?
What music do you and you father have in common?
If you did not need the money what would you do for work?
If you had an extra room in your house what would you use it for?
What grown-up job did you want to have when you were a child?
What daily activity boars you?
In what way are you superstitious?
What is your dream job?
What is your ringtone?
Who was your best friend growing up?
What music do you hate?
What did you do during your childhood summers?
What is your favorite day of the week?
When was the last time you turned your mobile phone off (not just on silent)?
What do you think the afterlife is like?
What TV show are you embarrassed about watching?
What is your favorite book?
What do you believe will last forever?
What do you want to do with your retirement?
What traditions did your family have?
What is the worst flavor of ice cream?
What is the furthest north you have traveled?
Where were you in life 10 years ago?
Would you ever live in Los Angeles?
Did you ever get left behind as a child?
What is the strangest food you have ever eaten?
What is your favorite condiment?
What was the last sporting event you went to?
What is the ideal comfort food?
What culture not your own do you respect?
If you where in a Rock N' Roll band, what would your job be?
What was your first email address?
What is the most important meal of the day?
What is your warmest birthday memory?
What is the best costume you have worn?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Did you ever want to change your name? If is to what?
What song was unique to your family growing up?
What cartoon do you still like to watch?
What do you remember about your first day of school?
What cartoon did you watch growing up?
What would be your personal hell?
What pet frightens you?
What is your favorite dessert?
What scares you in the dark?
What is your favorite holiday?
Who do you try to impress?
What was the first concert you went to see?
How much time would you spend to save $100?
At what point did you life change for the better?
What book have you attempted to read several times but have never been able to finish?
When was the most peaceful day you have had?
What room in the house do you most like to spend time in?
How would you like your family to commemorate your life?
What do you think about when there is nothing you have to think about?
What technology do you think you will never adopt?
What is your favorite thing about summer?
What disease frightens you?
What song typifies the last 24 hours of your life?
If you had to act your age what behavior would you change?
What is the worst song to get stuck in your head?
Do you feel you have a purpose or calling in life?
What song do you sing in the shower?
What movie can you quote word for word?
What job did you have that you would never want to work again?
What Olympic sport would you like to try?
What goals do you have for your work?
What would you want your last words to be?
How would you explain love to somebody who had never heard of it before?
How many e-mails are sitting in your inbox?
If you could go on a vacation anywhere in the US where would it be?
What song do you have memorized?
What is your favorite thing about winter?
What goals do you have for your education?
What song defines your childhood?
Do you prefer sunrises or sunsets? Why?
If you had your own TV network what would you put on it?
If you could go on a vacation anywhere in Europe where would it be?
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever eaten?
What was the first thing you learned to cook?
What job have you been procrastinating?
Where is the funniest place you have ever fallen asleep.
What traditional gender roles do you agree with?
What makes you feel young?
What comic strip do you like to read?
Where is the farthest you have traveled from here?
What part of pop culture do you wish would just go away?
What is your favorite salty snack?
What song do you love to dance to?
What was your most embarrassing hair style?
If you could have a drink with someone from history who would it be?
What is the furthest west you have traveled?
What is the funniest thing you have heard a child say?
What vegetable do you hate?
Have you ever been mentioned in the newspaper?
if you could live in any other country for 2 years where would you go?
Do you believe in God?
If you could see 24 hours into the future what would you do with this ability?
What is the worst physical pain you have ever been in?
In what way are your parents out of date?
What are you afraid of?
Do you have faith in the next generation? Why?
What makes you laugh?
What exotic pet would you like to have?
What are your marketable skills?
Who taught you to cook?
What color underwear are you wearing
What single piece of technology makes your life easier?
What do you miss from your childhood?
What do you do to impress someone you are attracted to?
What do you like about your job?
What is your favorite picture of yourself?
Do you have any hidden talents?
How do you like to spend your spare time?
Where were you in life 5 years ago?
What do you love the sound of?
What is the stupidest thing for a couple to fight about?
What was the last thing that you lost and later found?
When was the last time you went barefoot in public?
What is the saddest movie?
Where is the highest you have been and not in an airplane?
Why were you given your name?
Who was the best boss you ever worked for?
What makes a house a home?
What is the longest you have been without sleeping?
What monthly bill do you think is the best value for the money?
What was your first paying job?
What habit would you like to be able to break?
What part of your life do you need to take more slowly?
What company do you think has a bad name?
What was your favorite childhood toy
Who attempts to impress you?
What small business would you like to start?
Is there such a thing as too much chocolate?
When was the last time you were lost?
What slang word or phrase do you love to use?
What is your favorite season?
What is the prettiest city you have ever been to?
What makes you lose hope for humanity?
What gives you hope for humanity?
What word do you love the sound of?
When was the last time you did volunteer work?
When was the first time you went fishing?
Where did you go on vacation as a child?
What did you do to get pocket money as a child?
How do you prefer to get bad news?
What is the nicest room in your house?
What makes this an amazing time to live?
If you could repeal one law what would if be?
What was your favorite TV show growing up?
How many email addresses do you use on a regular basis?
If you had 10 minutes on a popular TV talk show, what would you talk about?
What is your earliest memory?
If you had one wish, what would it be?
What is the longest you have slept at one time?
What is the most generous gift you have ever received?
What restaurant do you love even though you know you shouldn't?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
Do you believe God has a sense of humor? Why?
What was the last vacation you went on?
If you where offered the job of President would you take it? Why?
What bill do you most dislike paying?
If you did not need the money what would you have studied in school?
What goals do you have for your health?
How did you make it through school?
What is the best adaptation of a book to a movie?
What food makes you think of Christmas?
What food reminds you of your birthday?
What movie can you watch over and over again?
What is the best invention during your lifetime?
What was the address of the house you grew up in?
How far would you drive to save $20?
How old where you when you got your first computer?
Can you do your job working from home?
What fitness goals do you have?
What technology scares you?
What poem do you have committed to memory?
What is the funniest gift you have given?
What do you think is the most difficult sport?
What was your first car?
What is your favorite song from a Disney Movie?
If you had a year off with pay, what would you do?
What traditional gender roles do you disagree with?
What was the first professional sporting event you went to?
What movie scares you?
What makes you feel old?
What holiday has lost its true meaning?
Who taught you to swim?
What was the last thing you donated to a thrift store?
What did you have for Sunday dinner growing up?
What is something you have always wanted to try?
If you had to move what city would you like to live in?
If you could hire out one household chore what would it be?
Who taught you to ride a bike?
Is there a sport you love to play but hate to watch?
What was your favorite bed time story as a child?
Who do you admire as a leader?
What would you like to know more about?
What music are you embarrassed that you like listening to?
What place would you like to visit?
When have you seen Karma at work in your life?
Who was your first love?
What food have you eaten too much of in your life?
What is the last thing in your life that went according to plan?
What food did you used to like but now hate?
What phrase or idiom do you think is makes no sense?
What is your favorite shirt?
What makes you feel safe?
What slang word or phrase is most over used?
If you could have one superpower what would it be?
Who was your favorite teacher?
How do you know when you have had too much?
When did you come close to death?
What is the most dangerous thing you have done?
What do you feel strongly enough about to protest?
What makes you happy?
Who is your favorite Super Hero?
What is the furthest east you have traveled?
If you had an extra hour every day what would you do with it?
When in your life have you needed an alibi?
If you could break one law with impunity what would it be?
What did your father like to cook?
What food would you starve without?
What do you have that is of great value to you but of no value to anyone else?
If you could ask God a question what would it be?
Have you ever won a trophy?
When was the last time you said "I am glad I do not have that job"?
Do you believe in fate? Why?
What would be the very first thing you would do if you won the lottery?
If you could be a professional athlete what sport would you play?
What nickname do you have?
What magazine do you look for when you are stuck in the waiting room?
What is your favorite way to get exercise?
What is the biggest obstacle preventing you from starting your own business?
What restaurant do you go to more than any other?
What charity do you support?
What is your favorite thing about spring?
Where do you believe you where before you were born?
When was the last time you really laughed?
What major company would you like to work for?
What word do you have trouble saying?
What is your favorite song from a Broadway musical?
What is the most dramatic view you have seen?
What is the prettiest place you have been?
What sports team do you love to see lose?
Would you ever live in New York City? Why?
What time do you wake up in the morning?
What musical instrument do you play?
What meal was your mothers best?
Who is there in your life that you would take a bullet for?
What goals do you have for your children?
What color underwear do you think the person to your right is wearing?
What is your dream car?
What in your life do you "do by the numbers"?
Did you ever work at an on campus job? What was it?
What would you buy from a thrift store?
What was your first bike like?
When was the longest you had to hold your breath?
What food scares you?
Have you ever had a really unusual job?
How many text messages do you receive in a day?
What question should you never ask a woman?
What question should you never ask a man?
What do you never what to hear you father say?
What do you never what to hear you mother say?
How old is too old?
If you could be any age how old would you be?
What do you respect about soldiers?
What is your least favorite Holiday?
If you had an extra day every week what would you do with it?
Who is somebody famous that you have met?
What girls name do you like?
What boys name do you like?
What girls name do you dislike?
What boys name do you dislike?
What biblical name do you like?
What technology bugs you when other people refuse to adopt it?
What was your biggest Christmas disappointment?
How do you manage stress?
What is the biggest snowstorm you can remember?
When was the worst storm you where ever in?
What summer camps did you go to as a child?
In what ways are you a nerd?
How do you think the world will end?
What is the worst book you ever had to read?
Would you ever want to live in London?
If you were going to go into business for yourself what would you do?
When was the last time you witnesses "professional courtesy"?
What bugs you most about air travel?
Do you believe there are any Ethics left in business?
If you had access to a life coach what would you want to work on?
Is there any job you would want to work for 50 years?
Would you use pirated software?
Would you download pirated music?
What in today's society do you feel should be free but is not?
How much privacy would you like?
What time of the day would you like to be alone, and why?
If you are feeling sad, what food or meal would cheer you up?
What are the most common lies your peer group tells?
What do you think makes a person good-looking?
What do you think are the characteristics that make a good parent?
What do you think are the characteristics that make a good friend?
What would be the easiest foreign country for you to make a living in?
If you where to go "back to the basics" what would that mean?
When have you had too much of a good thing?
When was the last time you felt like you had enough sleep?
Where is the scarcest place you have ever traveled to?
When was a magical moment in your life?
What is the worst air travel experience you have ever had?
When was the last time you were pleasantly surprised by a large corporation?
When was the last anti-climatic moment you have experience.
What song typifies the 80's?
What song typifies the 60's?
What song typifies the 70's?
What song motivates you when you are exercising?
What song do you listen to when you are feeling sorry for your self?
What TV Show fires your imagination?
What TV show is the best to vegg out to?
What children's TV Show is the hardest to watch?
What environmental message do you disagree with?
What environmental cause do you feel strongly about?
How has your "green" behavior changed over the last 10 years?
What food is the most fun to eat?
What food is too much work for you to eat?
What was the last thing you got for free?
Do you still like to play with your food?
What food reminds you of your grandmother/grandfather?
What does home smell like?
What makes you jealous?
What is the worst kept secret at your work?
When was a time in your life when you where seeking attention?
What food looks a lot better than it tastes?
What was the most rewarding travel experience that have you had?
When you have a sweet tooth what food do you crave?
When was the nicest meal you have ever eaten?
Do you believe in life on other planets?
What sucks away your time?
What is your best personality trait?
What celebrity crush have you had?
If you were going to get a tattoo, what would it be and where?
What personality traits do you look for in a partner?
What is one thing you regret in life?
What is one thing you like about being an adult?
What is one thing you miss about being a child?
If you had next Monday off, what would you do with it?
If you where on death row, what would you want your last meal to be?
What is the most money you have ever held in your hand?
What do you like to learn about?
If you where to teach a class what would you teach?
How old where you when you had your first kiss?
How do you prefer to be awakened up in the morning?
What high brow cultural activity do you like to participate in?
What "red-neck" activity do you like to do?
What was the last thing you wasted you money on?
If you had a 60 second Super Bowl advertisement what would you want to show a billion people?
What is your favorite lie that you have ever told?
How can you tell when someone is lying to you?
Which one of your friend lives the closest to you?
What is the thing you like best about your work?
What do you do when you cannot sleep?
What are you always late for?
If you where a police officer for one day what would you do with the authority?
What hobby or activity that you not do now but think you might like when you retire?
Who do you talk to on the phone most often?
What goes through your mind when your boss asks to talk to you privately?
When do you have problems accepting criticism?
What investment opportunity do you feel sorry you missed out on?
What technology do you wish you understood better?
What would you like more control over in your life?
When have you experienced unrequited love?
Who was the last person who had a crush on you?
What in life do you "just know"?
What was something that really hurt to let go?
What was your toughest accomplishment?
What do you think Valentine Day should be like?
What would motivate you to run a marathon?
What should they have taught you in school but didn't?
What have you learned about talking to women vs talking to men?
What have you learned about talking to men vs talking to women?
When is it more important to listen than to talk?
When is it more important to talk than to listen?
When did your mouth get you into trouble?
If you had 1,000,000 dollars to give away, how would you do it?
Who do you wish was here?
Why do we expect changes in our self but find it hard to accept changes in others?
When has life beaten you down?
What monsters did you believe lived under the bed when you were little?
Who do you turn to for advice?
What are you grateful for today?
What are you grateful for everyday?
Who comes to you for advice?
When was the last time you counted your blessings?
When have you had a small decision bring big consequences?
When was the last time you had to speak in public?
When have you had a small decision bring big consequences?
When have you embarrassed yourself in public?
What changes do you find hard the accept?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
What criteria do you think is most important when picking a College or university?
What is the best home field advantage in sports?
Where do you think the best place to invest money is?
Is there a child you looks up to you?
Is it easier to win or lose with grace?
What is your favorite national park?
What was the fanciest wedding you have ever been to?
When have you seen history made either in person or on TV?
What makes you lose your inhibitions?
What College/University did you want to attend but did not?
What are the perks of your job?
What was the most expensive party you have ever been to?
What College sports team is your favorite?
When do you expect someone else to pick up the tab?
What was the best wedding you have ever been to?
What lessons from the bible can you use today?
What bible story do you have trouble with?
What was the biggest perk of any job you had?
How old should a child be when they learn about money?
Would you take your bosses job if it was offered to you?
If the money was the same what job at your current company/employer would you want?
What book made you cry?
What landmark symbolizes America?
Under what circumstances would you adopt a child?
What entertainment do you seek out?
How do you compartmentalize your life?
What does lifelong learning mean to you?
Critically speaking, what is the best book ever written?
What kind of puzzles do you like to do?
What is the closes you have been to a tropical paradise?
When was the last time you felt gods influence in your life?
Do you want a big family or a small one?
In what area is your life out of balance?
What cause are you willing to fight for?
What do you do to maintain balance in your life?
What restaurant will you never eat at again?
What was the last lie that somebody told you?
Who was the first person who had a crush on you?
When was the last time you needed someone to talk to?
Do you have any goals that were imposed upon you?
When have you "stuck it to the man"?
What is the farthest away from a Starbucks you have ever been?
Do you subscribe to any forms of alternative medicine?
Do you utilize any form of meditation? If so what?
What candy reminds you most of your youth?
Who do you love enough to cook or bake for?
What is the best cookie you have ever eaten?
What was the worst punishment your parents ever enacted?
Who is your favorite female movie star?
Are you a lover or a fighter? Explain.
What in your life is more important than money?
What in todays world are you suspicious of?
What things are you shallow about?
What makes you stubborn?
If you had the money what charity would you want to start?
How can you make a difference in your community?
In what ways are you misunderstood?
When it comes to your money are you conservative or liberal?
What was the last big risk you took?
What is the habit you are proudest of breaking?
What business would you want to start that would make a difference in the world?
If you were to attend a costume party tonight, what or whom would you go as?
If you could spend five minutes with the president what would you talk about?
On a scale of 1-10 how honest are you?
Who is the most dependable person in your life?
When is it good to be Lazy?
If you could ask one person one questions and get a completely honest answer who would it be and what would you ask?
What movie provided you with a new perspective?
When was the last time you were in a place that was too quiet?
Is it easier to give help or receive help?
What is something you have always wanted to ask wanted to ask your mother but never have?
What is something you have always wanted to ask wanted to ask your father but never have?
When does stress motivate and drive you?
What is there about money that you do not understand but would like to?
What was the last law you broke?
How do you make a tough decision?
Would you provide a false alibi for someone it they paid you 10,000 dollars?
Would you sell one of you kidneys for $75,000?
Who would you be willing to donate a kidney to?
If you could steel any one thing and get away with it what would you take?
If you could be famous for doing anything, what would you want it to be?
Would you rather be rich of famous?
How old where you when you learned about death?
What problems do you like to deal with?
If you needed a Kidney, who do you think would be willing to donate one to you?
Would you rather have many casual friends or one very close one?
Who's what the last funeral you went to?
Would you want to be famous if you could not be rich?
What winter sport have you never done but would like to try?
How did you learn about death?
When was the last time you felt powerless?
What goal have you given up on?
What is the next home improvement project you would like to take on?
What is your favorite winter activity?
What goal do you have that you would not share with your parents?
What is the most expensive lie you have ever told?
When have you make a bargain with god?
What in your life have you left up to chance?
When was the last you where caught in a lie?
When was the first time you quit a job?
When did you realized that Santa Clause was not real?
When was the last time you let a friend down?
When did you realized that you were smarter than your parents?
When was the first time you took responsibility for someone else's mistake?
Have you ever cried to get something you wanted?
Why did you break-up with your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
Who would you run into a burning building to save?
When was the first time you finished something really big?
When was the last time you left a bad situation?
What can you do to change the world?
When was the last time you finished something really big?
When in your life did you say "no" even though you really wanted to say "yes"?
When was the first time you realized you are good at your job?
Who was the first person who you cared more about their well being than your own?
What is the worst trip you have ever been on?
What was the first book that made you cry?
When was the first time you saw the ocean?
What is a small luxury that you treat yourself to?
What part of your daily routine can you not function without?
What piece of technology do you not own but would like to?
What do you do when you have to deliver bad news?
What was some good advice that you did not follow?
What small town would you like to live in?
When was the first time someone close to you died?
What was some good advice that your father gave you?
Which one of your character flaws would you like to improve?
What would you sacrifice to be able to go into space?
What was the scarriest moment of your life?
If you where an alien and you could abduct anyone on earth, who would you abduct and why?
What was one thing that do not (did not) like about being single?
If you where crowned king of the whole world, what would your first royal decree be?
If you had a time machine and you could go back and change anything, what would it be?
Does your heart rule your mind or your mind rule your heart?
What do you like (did you like) best about being single?
Who is the black sheep of your family?
Who is your favorite male movie star?
What political 3rd party do you sympathise with ?
where were you durring a life changing moment?
What is your favorite way to spend a night alone?
What is something unusual you like to put on a sandwich?
What toppings do you like to put on your pizza?
Would you ever sell you blood to the blood bank?
Are you more comfortable in someone else home if it is messy of very tidy?
Where did you find money when you were flat broke?
What topic of conversation do you consider boring?
How do you think the American family will change over the next 25 years?
If you wrong someone, how do you apologize?
Which member of your extended family are you closest to?
What is your definition of wealthy?
What creeps you out?
What would you want your epitaph to say?
What was the last thing you complained about?
Where would you like to go that is "off the beaten bath"?
Metaphorically speaking, what is the most important tool in your tool box?
When have you been unable to say "I love you too"?
When in your life have you been humbled?
In what ways are you a philosopher?
Have you ever loved someone you have not met?
Who is someone that you are sorry that you disrespected?
What is the difference between being wealthy and being rich?
Would you rather be hungry or thirsty?
What is the most valuable thing in your life?
What do you love the smell of?
When have you had an enlightening moment?
What is something that is widely available yet underappreciated?
What patterns in your life would you like to break?
Who was the last person you had to forgive?
When have you performed for a crowd?
What can you do today to create the good life for yourself?
When have you had to move your home?
What does it mean to you to "walk the line"?
What is something you have that you want to share?
When are you at your best?
Who is there that makes you want to be a better person?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
Where are you most likely to be at 8:00 on a Saturday night?
If you could only eat one food, and nothing else, for three days in a row, what would it be?
How would your friends describe you to a someone you that have not met?
Is popular music getting better or worse with time?
Who is the best living guitar player?
What is your favorite way to kill time?
If it is after midnight and you do not want to go home yet, where do you go?
What singer song-write do you like listening to?
What historical culture fascinates you?
Who is the greatest singer who is no longer living?
What is a good place to travel but you would not want to live there?
What historical injustice still upsets you?
Have you ever been on tv?
What TV show do you wish was still on the air?
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
How would you describe your investing strategy?
Has a song ever made you cry? What was it?
What is your favorite gambling game?
Would you rather be rich or healthy?
Would you like to know the day you are going to die ahead of time?
What is a truly great black and white movie?
What is the funniest movie that you have ever seen?
Has reading a book ever changed your life?
What was your New Year's resolution this year? How long did it take you to break it?
What colors do you like to dress in?
What was the last thing that made you feel like an idiot?
What would you consider the most influential book of all time?
Where are your ticklish spots?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how happy are you with your life right now?
How do you handle rejection?
What is a cause that you are willing to fight for?
Where did you grow up?
What was the longest you've ever waited in
Have you ever been in a food fight?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Where were you on September 11th 2001?
If you could live in any home on a television series, which one would it be?
What was the most interesting biography that you have read?
Have you ever been stung by a bee?
What was the most memorable class you have ever taken?
What is your favorite book you read as a child?
Have you ever been caught cheating?
What is your all time favorite joke?
What turns you on creatively, spiritually or emotionally?
What is your favorite curse word?
If Heaven exists, what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the Pearly Gates?
What was the scariest moment of your life?
Did you have an imaginary friend as a child?
Of the people you know, which couple has the most successful relationship?
How do you feel about touchy feely people?
If you were going to do karaoke tonight, what song would you sing?
What is the origin of your last name?
What is the closest you have come to getting caught cheating?
What was the last movie you saw in the theater? Was it good?
When was the last time you went camping?
Are you more like your mother or your father?
How long was your longest relationship?
When getting your picture taken, does your smile show your teeth?
When is the last time you worked out?
Have you ever ridden in an ambulance or a police car?
Do you like short or long hair on someone of the opposite sex?
When you are under stress, do you prefer to be alone or do you seek comfort in friends?
Who do you work with that you really respect?
What chore did you used to hate but now enjoy?
How did you start working for your current employer?
How is your commute into work?
When have you been lucky in business?
When was an embarrassing time you lost your wallet?
What American city does not deserve a place on the map? Why?
What was the best complement you have ever received?
Do you believe everything happens for a reason?
What three adjectives best describe you?
If you owned a luxury yacht, what would you name it?
What is the biggest indication that someone is a nerd?
What food did you love as a child but do not eat now?
What is your favorite movie line?
What are two things that you consider yourself to be very good at?
What are you looking forward to this weekend?
Is there anything that you absolutely refuse to do under any circumstances?
What three adjectives best describe you?
How you are feeling today and phrase it in the in the form of a weather report.
What celebrity irritates you the most?
What is a good thing happening in your life right now? What makes it good?
Where is your family blood line from?
When you where a child, did you ever run away from home?
If you talked in your sleep what secrets are you afraid you might reveal?
Would you volunteer to be one of the first colonists on Mars if it meant you could never return to earth?
Would you rather have $50,000 free and clear or $150,000 that is illegal?
If you could change careers tomorrow what would you do?
What do you think about when there is nothing to think about?
What can you do today to create the good life for yourself?
When have you had to move your home?
What does it mean to you to "walk the line"?
What is something you have that you want to share?
When are you at your best?
Who is there that makes you want to be a better person?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
Where are you most likely to be at 8:00 on a Saturday night?
If you could only eat one food, and nothing else, for three days in a row, what would it be?
How would your friends describe you to a someone you that have not met?
Is popular music getting better or worse with time?
Who is the best living guitar player?
What is your favorite way to kill time?
If it is after midnight and you do not want to go home yet, where do you go?
What singer song-write do you like listening to?
What historical culture fascinates you?
Who is the greatest singer who is no longer living?
What is a good place to travel but you would not want to live there?
What historical injustice still upsets you?
Have you ever been on tv?
What TV show do you wish was still on the air?
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
How would you describe your investing strategy?
Has a song ever made you cry? What was it?
